Improving user documentation and Preferences (#176)
solid/solid-panes: Documentation/user-types.md

## User types

There are many views (aka panes) available through solid-panes, and some do not present a very good UX.
We wanted to limit some of these views in order to improve the onboarding experience for new users, 
and to help us with this we've introduced user types.
These are opt-in and as a new user you aren't assigned any.
You can self-assign these through Preferences in the Dashboard, 
and they will be stored in your settings (which are private by default).

The data browser will use these user types to reason which views are applicable for you.

> E.g. if a view lists Developer as audience, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, if a view lists Developer as audience, 
```

the data browser will avoid serving you that view unless you've self-assigned Developer as a user type.

> An exception to this is if the view is the most relevant for a given resource, which makes sharing resources easier.

Reviewer 2: Needs better explanation of what is happening here.  No matter who creates what, the best view for it will be shown, no matter what the level  of user.

For now we've introduced the user types "Developer" and "Power User". 

> The former are assigned to views that deal with various data views (e.g. N3, RDF/XML, etc),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The former are assigned to views that deal with various data views (e.g., N3, RDF/XML, etc.),
```

> The former are assigned to views that deal with various data views (e.g., N3, RDF/XML, etc.),

Reviewer 2: s/deal with various data views/present data in its raw code form/ maybe?

Author: We decided to link to https://github.com/solid/userguide/#role instead of a local document on this repo. Please make suggestions to changes there instead.

while the latter are a catch-all for views that are either difficult to use or needs a bit of 
attention before they are reintroduced to non-technical users.  

> Below is a table that documents the existing views and which user types that are listed to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a table that documents the existing views and the user types that are associated with them.
```
